Fixed links (#675)
kgateway-dev/kgateway.dev: content/blog/kgateway v2.1 release blog.md

EOF
```

> You are now ready to try out agentgateway. Check out the [agentgateway guides]({{< link-hextra path="../../../docs/envoy/latest/ai/" >}}) to learn how to route traffic to an LLM provider, MCP tool server, or AI agent. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are now ready to try out agentgateway. Check out the [agentgateway guides]({{< link-hextra path="../../../docs/envoy/2.1.x/ai/" >}}) to learn how to route traffic to an LLM provider, MCP tool server, or AI agent. 
```
